from zero to loot trader in 30 days.
Yesterday, we optimized our strategy
running 1,900 combinations with the goal
to identify a strategy which is viable
for live trading with an average trade
win higher than $80. If we look at the
results and we sorted by net profit, we
notice immediately that we have multiple
with an average trade win higher than 80
and the best combination has max bars in
trade of 50, take profit of 4.5K and
stop loss of 1K. This results in net
profit of 92K from 40K, average trade
win of $15 from $46 and max draw down of
17K from 7K. Taking this combination, we
do have an improvement in our net
profit, we do have an improvement in the
average trade win. And yes, the draw
down increased, but stays manageable. On
top of that, if a 17k draw down is too
much, we can always scale down going
from trading mini contracts to micro
contracts. What matters is now the
strategy is viable for live trading. I
have two notes. Yes, the percentage of
profitability is below 50%. But we have
a riskreward ratio which allow that.
Second, here we pick the top result a
little bit for convenience. But there is
other factors that we should consider
which you can find in the guide. Here
the comparison of the two equity lines
before and after the optimization.
Tomorrow we will discuss about Monte
Carlo simulation.